normal whistle all the way to the
loudest whistle in the world this thing
cost 50 cents and you can kind of
tell wow that's surprisingly loud
already the $6 hand whistle though works
by squeezing this pouch to force air
through the
whistle
oh shorter and sharper the $60 Tesla
cyber whistle it feels about 10 times
heavier thanks to medical grade
stainless
steel the volume is only slightly louder
than the $6 one the ref swistle though
is designed for professional refereeing
apparently the range of this thing is up
to a
mile that was distinctly more powerful
the emergency hurricane whistle to Next
Level it generates three different tones
at the same time you project your sound
over greater
distances this thing is designed to save
your life so it needs that power but
none of these is as loud as the hyper
whistle which has a 2 mile range and
even works
underwater I'm wearing ear protection
and that nearly deafened me